#Laser Tag

Project that is modeled after a laser tag game. Each board will have the ability to send and receive IR signals.
To send a signal, one has to click the shoot button in which a sound effect will come from the speaker and the 
seven segment display will decrement the ammo. If one receives a signal, it will be decoded to see if the message
is its own message or the other player. If the signal is from the other player, a sound effect will come from the
speaker and the seven segment display will display the decremented health. The reload button will create a sound 
effect from the speaker and set the ammo back to its maximum value that will be displayed on the the seven segment 
display.

Main.c
  Algorithm for laser tag game. It has 3 interrupts with different priorities: reciver/decoder highest. It starts with
  a start sound effect and waits for any of the interrupts to happen such as receiving a signal, hitting the shoot or 
  reload buttons. The shoot button makes a shooting sound, decrement the ammo count on the seven segment display, and
  sends a unique signal of the player that can be altered in IR.c. When this is received by the  other player, the 
  external interrupt is triggered and the receiver decodes the message. It sees if the message is a unique message or 
  its own and registers the hit. If the player is hit, the speaker will make a got hit sound effect from speaker.c and
  decrement the health of the player who  got hit. The reload button will reset the ammo back to the maximum amount 
  that can be changed in Main.c and will make a reloading sound effect. Once a player's health hits 0, the speaker will
  play the game over sound effect.

IR.c
  Transmitter:
    - Sends 38kHz 
  Receiver/Decoder:
    - Detects and decode messages to check who that message is for (Player1 or Player2)
    - Uses external interrupt
  
Buttons.c
  Pin Change Interrupts for Reload and Shooting buttons

USART.c
  Communication with computer for debugging purposes
  
Speaker.c
  Functions for sound effects that are later used in Main.c
  
SevenSegment.c
  Seven sigment display that shows health and ammo.
